I am having fun. I'm enjoying it. We're accomplishing a lot. Your stock market is at an all-time high. Your jobs, your unemployment is at the lowest point in almost 17 years. We have fantastic numbers coming out. And I think we'll have, over the course of the next, fairly short period of time, and more importantly over a long period of time, we're going to have great numbers coming out of our country.

I enjoy success. And we're having tremendous success, as a country. We have some difficulties with respect to North Korea, the Middle East. I inherited-- and I've said it often--I inherited a mess. The country was having many different problems. Among them, the Middle East, ISIS, which we've done more with respect to ISIS in nine months than we've done in nine years. But we have really done, we have done, I would say eight months in eight years, to be specific. But we have done a really, really good job with the military. We're building up our military. We just had an over $700 billion budget, which will be approved. We're, you know, there's been few times where the military was more important than what it is right now. And, in addition to that, which is by far the overriding element, it's lots of jobs in the United States. So, what the country is doing, we're doing very well. And on an economic front, we're doing very well.

Well, I think it helped. It's certainly a different kind of job than, really there is anywhere. Because you have so many skills necessary. But certainly the campaign was successful. What people don't realize is that I spent much less money than Hillary Clinton. So right there, perhaps that's business. You know, if you look at the numbers it's astronomically different.

I don't think anybody's ever written that. You know, in the old days, if you spent less money and won, that was supposed to be a good thing. Today nobody talks about it. But I spent much less money and won. I think that's--so we start off there--I think that was good. I also think that, yes, being in--just last night I had dinner with all of our generals and admirals, at the highest level. You probably saw that.
